I
not a sound from the pavement has a
lunesta man
Oh
mmm
waverly strikes at my feet
I can smile all days I was beautiful
I remember
Henry
again
you
huh how would she
you will keep doing life that was
beautiful that was so much of that music
it seemed to fit I hope your own page
find out oh yeah you know anyway it was
lovely lovely lovely and especially that
music yeah Bruno but uh Oh Oh Alicia the
fairytale is just beginning and telling
you that such beauty in such radiance in
your face you were telling the story of
this song I live the song with you one
of them self protection of a magnificent
- told you she was here you should have
seen your face when you lay down okay
there Crais
you're both absolutely stunning together
only quality match a fantastic use of
the steps
fantastic use of steps and I love the
tempo change and the build all the way
through it wonderful stuff really one
that was also the stop you there before
say that other little song at the handle
or the person like a valley Matt and
Alicia you turn a simple Viennese walls
into a magical memory little pivot over
to you lens you listen up if you don't
get four tens for that I'm going to go
up and pick up my walnut
give that last year and they've gone off
trade Revel Horwood nein nein